[FEATURE] Document Persistence - Queries and relations (#6636)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/ExtbaseRewrite/Domain/Model.rst

Modelling relations in Extbase
==============================

A relation is just a property, and Extbase offers two shapes for it: a property
that holds **one other object**, and a property that holds **many objects** in an

> :php:`ObjectStorage`. The following example shows both — a relation to one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:php-short:`\TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Persistence\ObjectStorage`. The following example shows both — a relation to one
```

Use FQN to reference TYPO3 Core clases so they are linked to the API

Author: done

:php:`Location` and a relation to many :php:`Comment` objects:

..  literalinclude:: _snippets/_ConferenceWithRelations.php
    :caption: EXT:my_extension/Classes/Domain/Model/Conference.php (with relations)

A few things to note in the example above:

> *   **A relation to one other object** is a single typed property, nullable when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **A relation to a single other object** is a single typed property, nullable when
```
I’d suggest using "a single object" here instead of "one other object". It reads a bit more natural. Also in other places

Author: done

    the related object is optional. If :php:`#[Lazy]` is applied, Extbase
    installs a
    :php-short:`\TYPO3\CMS\Extbase\Persistence\Generic\LazyLoadingProxy` instead
    of loading the related object immediately. The union type
    :php:`Location|LazyLoadingProxy|null` is required so that Extbase can set the
    proxy. The :php:`instanceof LazyLoadingProxy` check in the getter exists
    solely for static analysis — without it PHPStan cannot narrow the return
    type to :php:`?Location`. If you do not need a precisely typed getter, the
    proxy resolves automatically on any access and the check can be omitted.

*   **A relation to many objects** is an :php:`ObjectStorage`. You read it by
    iterating, and change it through :php:`addComment()` / :php:`removeComment()`
    methods that call :php:`attach()` and :php:`detach()` — never manipulate the
    storage property directly. The :php:`@var ObjectStorage<Comment>` annotation
    is required for IDE autocompletion and static analysis, even though PHP does
    not enforce the generic type.

> *   **Each :php:`ObjectStorage` must be initialised**, otherwise the first access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   **Each ObjectStorage must be initialised**, otherwise the first access
```
Text roles cannot be nestetd in rest

Author: done

    to the typed property triggers a fatal error. Do this in

>     :php:`initializeObject()` and call that method from the constructor. Extbase

Reviewer: I would add a quick example

Author: the whole text block is the explanation for the snippet above, that contains exactly this scenario. I don't think we need an example for the example, would you agree?

    calls :php:`initializeObject()` itself after mapping a record from the
    database, so the storage is ready on loaded objects; calling it from
    :php:`__construct()` as well covers objects you create with :php:`new`. Both
    code paths then end up with an initialised storage.

*   :php:`#[Lazy]` on an :php:`ObjectStorage` means Extbase loads the related
    records only when you first iterate over the storage or call a method on it.
    This avoids loading potentially hundreds of related records just because the
    parent object is loaded.

*   :php:`#[Cascade('remove')]` on :php:`$comments` means that when this
    :php:`Conference` object is deleted, all related :php:`Comment` objects are also
    deleted. A comment has no life outside its event, so this is the right
    choice. Without this attribute, deleting the event would leave orphaned comment
    records in the database. Use cascade remove only when the related objects
    genuinely belong to the parent and have no independent existence.

..  seealso::

>     *   `Object relations in Extbase <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/extbase-persistence-relations>`_ — the two relation shapes, how each is stored, unidirectional versus bidirectional relations, plus lazy loading and the N+1 query trap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   `Object relations in Extbase <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/extbase-persistence-relations>`_
    — explains the two relation types, how they are stored, unidirectional
    and bidirectional relations, lazy loading, and the N+1 query problem.
```

The sentence sounds a bit akward

Author: done

Modelling relations in Extbase
==============================

> The following example shows a model with two types of relation — a 1:1 relation

Reviewer: The example does not contain a 1:1 relation. 1:1 relations would mean that at each location there could be only one conference. 

As long as we are not considering bidirectional relations there can be no such thing as a 1:1 or 1:n relation as the other side is not known.  As long as we talk about unidirectional relatioships we must use other language.

A few things to note in the example above:

> *   **Singular relations** (a typed property, nullable if the related object is optional)

Reviewer: Why is this bold and why is there nothing like a "multiple" relation explained?
